Just what kind of world is this for over four years?
And why is this confiscated, obsequiousness?
Why not?
Pour some water on your hand,
trembling,
Either I eat Palace Shiratsugu or do not care.
It's late and cold.
No Kajis.
It's hot.
People at the hospital have nothing to do but throw medicine.
Save it for the houses.
You is a fucking
old knucklehead!
Tell the waka bean to throw it back inside there.
Phew.
No.
What the hell!
Thewhat?
Just today?
I was so angry that I couldn't stop.
I thought something was wrong and I was late.
I told him to come to Osaka by car.
He said, what are you doing?
I'm not a doctor. I'm sick.
I called him and he said,
you're a doctor.
I said, shut up.
I told him to come.
He said, I'm a doctor.
It's not a mistake to take a car like mine by car.
Well, he told me.
He was so angry.
So, I told him not to come.
I told him to stop.
He was so angry.
I told him,
he was sick.
So, I told him to come.
He said, I'm not sick.
What are you doing?
I told him not to come.
I told him to stop.
ll come, say no more and that's all.
Who says no more?
If you drink this much, take it.
You'll be drunk and he won't take any anymore.
If you keep saying that I'mNarrator.
What couId I Ieave?
I'm giving up 2 times for a man who's not worth sniffing.
If this tEEEEESt you kick me out, I won't.
If you talk about it, think about your Iife!
You may be doctor.
even though it isn't a good sign.
He said,
there are many people,
but you should stay away from him.
Naga-ya did become Naga-ya's